Use the Tailwind 'Stone' color palette as the foundation 
(bg-stone-50 for page background, text-stone-800 for primary text, 
border-stone-300 for dividers). 
This gives a warm, paper-like, intellectual feel.

Use an Editorial/Magazine theme: Use serif fonts for Headings and sans-serif 
Use deep red for headings and titles.

Do not display any commentary or notes.

-------
Header & Favicon
-------
In the HTML <head>:
1. Set the Title to "OpenLang.ai".
2. Create a Favicon using a Data URI (data:image/svg+xml...).
   The Data URI should contain a simple SVG with the character "文".
   - Color: Deep Red (#991b1b) to match the logo.
   - Font: Serif (to match the intellectual theme).
   - Background: White.

-------
Top Bar
-------
Make the top bar the same width as Main Content.

Logo Construction:
Create an inline SVG of the Chinese character "文" at 24 pt.


Layout:
Construct the Logo SVG using a <text> element containing the character '文' with a serif font-family, centered in the viewbox. 
Left side: Logo, followed by “openlang.ai” in larger bold type.
-->
Center: “Open-source language-learning games, produced by AI” (large italic serif text).
CTA: Button with the text “Source”, link that button for downloading with this format:
<a href="/front-page.txt" download="front-page.txt">
(The front-page.txt file already exists at that location).

------------
Main Content
------------
Two column layout. 

First column:
Display all character sets natively (Chinese, Arabic, Korean, etc).
Create a dataset of languages containing one field called “LANGUAGE”:
Chinese Spanish French German Portuguese Ukrainian Korean Japanese Persian Hindi
Arabic Swahili

Add a second field NATIVE_NAME to the dataset containing the name of the language
in the language itself, using the language’s primary character set.

Create buttons for each language in this format:
NATIVE_NAME (bold, large) above LANGUAGE (medium) compact styling.
Link the buttons to an internal URL in this format: /LANGUAGE

Style the buttons as a grid of cards with the same color. 

Create a language selection block containing all of the language buttons in a
grid. Maximum width of the grid on desktop: 4 buttons. Call this container
“MAIN_LANGUAGES”.

Create another dataset of additional languages containing:
Azerbaijani Belarusian Bengali Bulgarian Burmese Catalan Czech Danish Dutch Estonian
Georgian Greek Hausa Hungarian Italian Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian
Madurese Malay Malayalam Norwegian Pashto Polish Punjabi Romanian Russian
Serbo-Croatian Sindhi Slovak Somali Swedish Tagalog Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Urdu
Vietnamese

Create another block with language buttons using the same method as
“MAIN_LANGUAGE”.
Call this container “ADDITIONAL LANGUAGES”. Make it collapsible.

Language Picker Block:
Display the container “MAIN_LANGUAGES”, with the header "Choose a Language".
Below that, display “ADDITIONAL_LANGUAGES”, collapsed by default, 
with the heading “More Languages”.

Technology Stack:
Create a table with two columns: 
Product|How It's Used|Owner/Standards Body
Populate the table with these technologies:
Gemini,JavaScript,React,Babel,TailwindCSS,PWA,Web Speech
Link the Technology field to its homepage or to a site the describes the technology.
Add the second and third columns yourself.
For Gemini, use this text for the "How It's Used" field: "Top level design and code generation".

Second Column:
Create a block "Open Source for Everyone". 
Style this block with a subtle border and a light background (bg-white) 
to differentiate it from the main list.
Link "vibe coding" to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vibe_coding
--------------
The Open Source movement was a revolution for programmers, allowing 
them to reuse existing tools and systems. With the advent of vibe coding, 
anyone can build with Open Source.

Every page on this site has a "Source" button in the top corner. You can download
the source text for any game, change it to for your needs, and produce a fully-functional 
customized game.
--------------

Constraint: Do not use target="_blank" on any links. All links must open in 
the current window unless the user chooses otherwise.

------
Footer
------
Left Footer:
Title: About the Site Logo 
------------------------------------------
The Chinese wén character (文) signifies "literature," "culture," or "writing".
It is part of the name of the Chinese language itself (中文).
------------------------------------------

Right Footer:
Add copyright text as footer on a single line in small print. The copyright text
should be in a container independent of the container containing the game. On
desktop, the copyright text should be inside the mobile window.
Link for “Functional AI Inc”: https://functional.by
Link for “MIT License”: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
The text should appear exactly as below, with the above href link markup added as
underlined link.

Copyright (C) 2026 by Functional AI Inc. Licensed under the MIT License.

